Showcast your product/Services

Buzplace creates an ecosystem of business clients and users, providing global solutions to users of import/export goods.
Typically, selling or buying products, machinery or services across borders. We have registered our presence in the global market
as the go-to place for faciliation of Business solutions, sales and purchases of goods for large, medium and small scale businesses internationally.
Sign up and enjoy all our services.

Inquire a product

Connecting businesses is a major component of Buzplace. You can inquire a product by creating a post for a particular productuct
or service you need or can provide. This element of Buzplace connect a lot of business across borders from South-East Asian 
to Central America. Connecting business has never been more effective, Buzplace, your best decision for business networking
platform 

Consultation

Alongside being a platform for business network, we bring our strength and connection to many companies, resources and 
potential to our user via consultancy. With our experience in business and logistics, partners from technology companies 
and active relationship with firms, manufacturers and suppliers across the globe and major market such as China, Japan,
Vietnam,South africa and Korea. We are able to connect your goods or services with your intented clients/customer as well as 
producers to the targeted customer. WE CONNECT INDIVIDUAL CLIENT NEEDS OR ENQUIRES WITH SPECIFIC BUSINESS FOR FASTER AND IMMEDIATE 
ACCESS TO MARKET. 


About US

Buzplace is a division of Xecharis Enterprises. Doing Business across border, connecting businesses and creating a platform 
for exponential reach to clients and business prosperity, security and growth. Buzplace provides a platform to everyone in the 
business space. By 2050, the world would be largely urbanized and a need for a global platform for reach, network, connect and 
business prosperous is our goal.  We are able to bring all the parties involved in the good and services chain of operation together
on our platform, provide and enforce security, safety and transparent operations between users of our product.

We focus on connect medium and large scale companies reaching new clients/customer and suppliers. We also promote international
reach to small and medium scale companies by providing networks, seminars and profile to Producer, suppliers, market ananlysis and 
specific needs in known location on our website from time to time. 

Our Goal is that no business with a international dreams stay local. For Companies and clients that we directly provide services/ products 
for, we ensure quality control and requirement specification strictly and inspected by our team in the country of departure. 

Our Vision is to provide a global stage for every sincere product and sincere with international needs and potential. 
Connecting Businesses, managing integrity and stretch the boundaries of best until its better. 






